Notes for Apple M1 build from source (#7747)
spesmilo/electrum: contrib/osx/notes_for_arm.md

> # Notes on building Electrum on Apple M1 OSX (ARM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Notes on running Electrum from source on ARM-based Macs (Apple M1 OSX)
```

Looks like the title is not technically correct - the text is re how to run from source on apple m1.
Building suggests it is about creating binaries (such as the .dmg files we distribute).

Development version (git clone)

1. Check out the code from GitHub:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum.git
$ cd electrum
$ git submodule update --init
```

Run install (this should install dependencies):
```
python3 -m pip install --user -e .
```

2. pycryptodomex and cryptography and will need to be manually installed:

```
$ pip install pycryptodomex
$ pip install cryptography

> ```

Reviewer: You don't need both, do you?
Either one should be enough; they are alternatives to each other.
Assuming that's so, we prefer `cryptography` (or at least let's be consistent with the top-level README.rst).

Author: Ok lets just make it `cryptography`

3. Manually install libsecp256k1 from source (https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1#build-steps) but with the following modifications: 

```
$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure --enable-module-recovery
$ make
$ make check  # run the test suite
$ sudo make install  # optional

> ```

Reviewer: Does [`contrib/make_libsecp256k1.sh`](https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum/blob/cb39bbbd943e19b392302a1ac557c374fcd2d36b/contrib/make_libsecp256k1.sh) not work?

Author: oops didn't see that. lets edit it to be explicit. Sure makes the next person's life a lot easier.

4. `pip install pyqt5` will work on intel x86, however for M1, to bypass pyqt5 install issue, do the following:

```
$ brew install pyqt5
$ echo 'export PATH="/opt/homebrew/opt/qt@5/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.zshrc
$ echo 'export PATH="/opt/homebrew/opt/pyqt@5/5.15.4_1/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.zshrc
$ source ~/.zshrc
```

Finally, try it in python to ensure it works: 

```
$ python3

> >> import PyQt5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> import PyQt5
```
